feat: Enable linking between related lint rules (#371)
stjude-rust-labs/wdl: CONTRIBUTING.md

- a `warning` is emitted when the source WDL is confusing, problematic, error-prone, etc. but not invalid or incorrect
- a `note` is emitted in all other cases and is mostly used for issues of style or conformity

### How should I decide which rules to link using `related_rules()`?

When deciding which rules should link to which other rules, please consider these criteria:

> - If diagnostic `X` is likely to co-occur with diagnostic `Y` within the same lint pass (addressing them often happens together). This means rule `X` should implement `related_rules` to include `Y`'s ID, and rule `Y` should implement it to include `X`'s ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If diagnostic `X` is likely to co-occur with diagnostic `Y` within the same lint pass (addressing them often happens together):
    - rule `X` should implement `related_rules` to include `Y`'s ID, and rule `Y` should implement it to include rule `X`'s ID
```

> - If correcting diagnostic `X` naively (without considering other rules) is likely to result in diagnostic `Y` being emitted in a subsequent lint pass. Rule `X` should implement `related_rules` to include `Y`'s ID, but rule `Y` should _not_ link back to rule `X` in this case, as the user fixing `Y` isn't necessarily led back to the context of `X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If correcting diagnostic `X` naively (without considering other rules) is likely to result in diagnostic `Y` being emitted in a subsequent lint pass:
    - rule `X` should implement `related_rules` to include `Y`'s ID, but rule `Y` should _not_ link back to rule `X` in this case, as the user fixing `Y` has likely already addressed `X`
```

    - while reviewing, ask yourself if the printed diagnostics are clear and informative
5. consider which nodes should be "exceptable" for this rule
    - See "[How should I decide which nodes to add to `exceptable_nodes()`?](#how-should-i-decide-which-nodes-to-add-to-exceptable_nodes)" for more information on this process
6. consider if your new rule relates to existing ones and implement the `related_rules()` method accordingly.

>     - See "[How should i decide which rules to link using related_rules()?](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-should-i-decide-which-rules-to-link-using-related_rules)" for detailed guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - See "[How should i decide which rules to link using related_rules()?](#how-should-i-decide-which-rules-to-link-using-related_rules)" for detailed guidance.
```

4. review `source.errors` to see if it matches our expectations
    - this isn't exactly true, but I conceptualize `source.errors` as the output if a user ran a `lint` command on `source.wdl`
    - while reviewing, ask yourself if the printed diagnostics are clear and informative
5. consider if your new rule relates to existing ones and implement the `related_rules()` method accordingly. See

> [how-should-i-decide-which-rules-to-link-using-related_rules()?](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-should-i-decide-which-rules-to-link-using-related_rules)

Reviewer: Can you reformat this so it's an internal link and looks a bit nicer? I'm forgetting the markdown syntax for linking to a header in the same document, but there is a way to do that.

* See [here](https://docs.rs/wdl/latest/wdl/grammar/type.SyntaxNode.html) for the `SyntaxNode` docs.
* The PR which introduced `exceptable_nodes()` and `exceptable_add()` is [#162](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/pull/162).
* That PR fixed issue [#135](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/issues/135)

> * The PR which introduced `related_rules()` is [#371](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/pull/371))

Reviewer: GitHub won't let me comment on the right line.
But I think this good to add, but the `#### Further reading` header should be bumped back to `##` if we're including this.

Currently, the `Further reading` section is nested beneath https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/wdl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#can-you-explain-how-rules-use-exceptable_nodes-and-exceptable_add as all the bullet points relate to that Q. With your addition we should bump out this section to be its own section taking place after the FAQs
